OCPBUGS-67195: fix ABI folder naming issue and Hub cluster network MTU setting at deployment time (#595)
openshift-kni/telco-reference: telco-hub/install/openshift/openshift/README.md

# Openshift folder

> This is extra-manifest folder would contain examples that can be added during the cluster installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extra-manifest folder contains CRs which will be applied to the cluster during installation. These CRs may need to be adjusted based on your specific environment as noted in comments in the CR. The CRs may be optional as noted in a comment at the top of the file.
```

> Using the openshift folder imposes a restriction: its contents cannot override default cluster manifests.

Reviewer: @elhadjici Can you confirm that the setting in Network.yaml does correctly update the MTU?

Author: yes correct @imiller0, I have verified that the configuration in Network.yaml correctly updates the cluster network MTU. The cluster network MTU is now set to a specific value rather than the defaults calculated below:

IPsec Disabled: machineNetwork MTU - 100 bytes (overhead for ovn)
IPsec Enabled: machineNetwork MTU - 46 bytes (overhead for ipsec esp header)
